To build a website for Bharat Robotics League, it's a league for, you know, creating, you know, a championship for, you know, school children in the field of robotics. And we have already created the brochure, and you have to get inspired by the brochure color combinations and design. And apart from that, the rules of the competition, the format, everything has been strictly written, how it has to be done. So this page is, you know, an information page that will be given out to the schools as a circuit, and all the information should be very crystal clear, because those are important points, the rules of the game. So it should be presented in a very neat and clear way. And then if the school wants to register it, they can register it with us. And for registering, a form would be given. It's a Google form, so one school can submit this particular form. And the Google form link is attached here, so you can just write it there, but, you know, create the, you know, page something very beautiful in which, you know, the form button should be there, and then it should open up in a new tab and wherein you can fill up the form. So that the UI, UX does not get hampered. Alongside, the contact numbers and details are also mentioned. Also create an option of, you know, the WhatsApp chat there, wherein they can initiate a WhatsApp chat and they can ask their queries, whatever they want to. And, you know, just, you know, make it, you know, that it is the first robotics competition that's happening in Kolkata. And, you know, we are expecting a large number of student base here. There will be mega prizes. There are, you know, events, multiple events are there. The theme for this event is Dangal, D-A-N-G-A-L, which means fight. And the competition is also based on that itself. So create in that format itself and just make sure that the rules and regulations are very clear. And it is readable and it is understandable and the instructions, step instructions to, you know, register it are also clear. If you are, yeah.